welcome to a special question-and-answer
with the marble and myself ah you guys
put some questions off on the desk our
facebook page and now we're going to
answer them um we have someone again as
a point question with the best of our
abilities yes which is not a whole lot
no question number one is from Ricky
Wilson who is no relation to our Willie
Nelson obviously because their names are
different uh he wants to know how many
stickers do I need before I are
reasonable power gains in my Mirage I'm
gonna read that again that's actually
what it says how many stickers do I need
before I are reasonable power games in
my Mirage i don't know- that people have
said apparently h 5 kilowatts per stick
up but stickers can actually make your
car go faster if they're holding down
rusty panels question to Mum from Tyler
huebner what are some of your favorite
American cars let's say it on three your
favorite my failure again see what
happens you ready 123 DeLorean boom
that's awesome ah DeLorean it's that is
actually a really crappy car just saying
display not one of the crappiest
causative bill burr man looks so cool it
was a dream crusher but what I said to
be much exactly distinct amazing of
travel through time nah just kiddin not
working not a dream catcher as a dream
crusher the opposite um when I was in a
layman I am highly Mustang I was like
one no drove around like a fool I guess
it was it was just six and it was auto a
little slow were you there no it only
goes to American give eyes one of those
um this one's obviously for you man this
one's from Finn vtech Roberts can you
love a k 11 my craft / March um you can
lower them but they're not the most
advanced cars suspension was they've got
a being very actually a little speaker
underneath it says don't jack from the
middle wheel that's because if you do
you've been assigned check from the
middle money that's where most people
drop from because if you take it up and
you bend it which jack is a car yeah the
car you bend it and it gives you a
positive can which you don't walk
because no one
actually all the cool kids want negative
camber but basically you can put cards
in the front like any other car because
it's just a mcpherson strut but the rear
is a beam axle so you just can AB stick
some different springs in there but
upgrade your shops while you're at it
and it will actually still write
properly if you try and completely dump
it then you need to start to join the
world of drop axles and welding so you
do not any car park mates which
basically means can't drive your car
anymore but it'll look it'll look good
look fat bigger ah the next one month
this is from Jake crank I'm sorry I
don't know how to pronounce your name
but it's some wacky spelling that I like
it that's awesome to see me um yeah
that's awesome I own a suit pride and
I'm on my place boom what do you do for
a living cell peace to people that eat a
lot of them frozen maybe what are some
good start and ones that I can do I
would say first of all the stereo
because you're in the car and you want
it to be mad ah some good wheels some
good suspension so kids so many good pie
super you know so much stuff keeps I
upgrade the brakes I'm in on your P
plates it's all about handling mods
that's what it's about um and a bad
stereo mum anything to enter that that's
it my livelihood you got every part
under the Sun in that catalog explore
the enjoyable part and then make it
faster later when you got your legs yeah
license whatever it is yeah I think so I
recently put up some photos on the
mighty car mods Facebook have a whole
lot of different cars the super has got
more likes than anything else so and
they look mad but yeah and apparently
the cockpit was designed off a fighter
plane by Tom Cruise yeah all points
pointing yeah Tom Cruise didn't do it ah
ok this question is from 41 naam lai fam
I'm going to inherit either my mum's
mazda 1993 mpv mad all my dad's mazda
1996 626 send me mad I want to make it
look really cool and sick and JDM what
should I do this is a serious question
I'm going to start on the series please
we must say that I reckon you should go
for the MVP they call an MPV mpv most
valuable personhood what every be an
actor I go again forget one of them
because because they're actually quite
huge in Japan you see them getting
around there's people that like complete
into them and there's some really cool
stuff you can do and lots of inspiration
to be happy yes that's right and your
question is how I make it look cool and
sick and JD and what should you do for
starters you need to get some motorized
curtains on there because that's what
everyone has in Japan you press a button
next thing you know hello no one's
watching and you're in there by yourself
watching a movie or with a friend if
you're lucky and you press a button
opens again they were sink in the back I
would make it a man camp up VIP couldn't
JD and these people are going to love it
it's huge in Japan that's it we're at
the end of our questions bum oh no no
that's it I come down that's all of it
for now um thanks so much mighty
Comelec's proudly supported by jessica
insurance boom to you and your mother's
and your fathers and anyone that you
love later in the universe and world how
long have to waitful just keep going for
a little while can't cut out but yeah
I'm so now we'll cut out now okay that's
it